What are you doing in front of Master Tian?
You gave me a last name
Master Tian, did you see that?
He dared to hit me in front of you
He didn't take you seriously at all
If the third master wants to hit you, stand up straight and give me a beating
I'll hit you!
Stand up!
Can Master Shen give the boy some face?
Otherwise this will be
What are you?
Let me give you face
Sirius
All day you are just a dog of the Qin family
You can also be loyal
God
Dare not even if I really give you face
Do you dare to ask for it?
God, what are you doing?
The last time I drank
You don't mean the first person in a day
Does the Temple of War have to give you three points?
Fuck you
Is the brain flooded or the eyes are not open?